feat: [UIE-9066] - IAM RBAC - Fix Assign Roles drawer users autocomplete (#12684)
linode/manager: packages/manager/.changeset/pr-12684-fixed-1755011334094.md

---
"@linode/manager": Fixed
---

> UIE-9066 - Assign Roles drawer fix for users autocomplete ([#12684](https://github.com/linode/manager/pull/12684))

Reviewer: suggestions:
- Leaving the internal ticket number out of the changeset is more consistent/readable with other changelog entries
- Since this will be under the "Fixed" section, describing the thing that was fixed is our best [practice](https://linode.github.io/manager/CONTRIBUTING.html#writing-a-changeset)

```suggestion
Incorrect results shown when filtering by user in Assign Roles drawer ([#12684](https://github.com/linode/manager/pull/12684))
```
